content/pages/blog/index.md, before:

---
title: Blog
slug: /blog
numOfPostsPerPage: 8
enableSearch: true
topSections:
  - title:
      text: Featured Post
      color: text-dark
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: This is the subtitle
    posts:
      - content/pages/blog/top-ten-lessons-we-learned.md
    showThumbnail: true
    showExcerpt: true
    showDate: true
    showAuthor: true
    variant: big-list
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-28
          - pb-0
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        justifyContent: flex-start
    type: FeaturedPostsSection
    hoverEffect: move-up
styles:
  title:
    textAlign: center
seo:
  metaTitle: Blog - Demo site
  metaDescription: >-
    This is the blog of the demo site where we post about technology, product,
    and design.
  socialImage: /images/img-placeholder.svg
  type: Seo
type: PostFeedLayout
bottomSections: []
postFeed:
  type: PagedPostsSection
  title: null
  subtitle: null
  showThumbnail: true
  showExcerpt: true
  showDate: true
  showAuthor: true
  actions: []
  elementId: null
  variant: three-col-grid
  colors: bg-light-fg-dark
  hoverEffect: move-up
---

Commit message:

index.md: updated posts in topSections

content/pages/blog/index.md, after:

---
title: Blog
slug: /blog
numOfPostsPerPage: 8
enableSearch: true
topSections:
  - title:
      text: Featured Post
      color: text-dark
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: This is the subtitle
    posts:
      - content/pages/blog/top-ten-lessons-we-learned.md
      - content/pages/blog/this-is-a-blog-post-with-related-posts.md
    showThumbnail: true
    showExcerpt: true
    showDate: true
    showAuthor: true
    variant: big-list
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-28
          - pb-0
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        justifyContent: flex-start
    type: FeaturedPostsSection
    hoverEffect: move-up
styles:
  title:
    textAlign: center
seo:
  metaTitle: Blog - Demo site
  metaDescription: >-
    This is the blog of the demo site where we post about technology, product,
    and design.
  socialImage: /images/img-placeholder.svg
  type: Seo
type: PostFeedLayout
bottomSections: []
postFeed:
  type: PagedPostsSection
  title: null
  subtitle: null
  showThumbnail: true
  showExcerpt: true
  showDate: true
  showAuthor: true
  actions: []
  elementId: null
  variant: three-col-grid
  colors: bg-light-fg-dark
  hoverEffect: move-up
---
